Okay, it's not him anymore
I came to you to ask you to do something for me
Sir, as you say
I want you to kill Qin Feng
Sir, now His Majesty has added to this Qin Fengguan Road
What if we did?
Don't worry about this.
I have my own way
I originally wanted to use him to give money to practice my hands
I didn't expect this kid to be more difficult to deal with than his second uncle
So as not to sleep too much at night
You have to look back.
Understand under the tree
Do it under the tree
Well, I don't worry about you doing things.
You have to be foolproof.
Hmm, or you wouldn't have to come back.
Life under the tree
No, what are you looking at me for?
It's nothing, I just want to admire our Dr. Qian Da
Brother, it's so hard for you to hide from us.
Do you know how worried we were about you when you were taken away by that bastard Sun Quan?
How could he remember this?
People are now seeing even the Emperor if they want to
Those of us?
Become a burden
Hey wait wait
This is my fault
I was wrong, okay?
If there's anything you want to know, just ask.
I must know everything
That's more like it.